CLOUDP-353163: remove search 8.0.10 support (#559)
mongodb/mongodb-kubernetes: changelog/20251015_other_remove_legacy_search_coordinator_polyfill.md

---
kind: other
date: 2025-10-29
---

> * Removed the MongoDB Search Coordinator polyfill now that MongoDB 8.2.0 is the minimum supported version.

Author: ```suggestion
* Removed the custom MongoDB Search Coordinator polyfill because MongoDB 8.2.0 is now the minimum supported version and provides the role natively.
```
